DASH [GENERAL]
Benefit: If you are wearing light armor or no armor and are carrying a light load, your speed is 5 feet faster.


EXTEND RAGE [GENERAL]
Prerequisites: Rage or frenzy ability.
Benefit: Each of the uses of your rage or frenzy ability lasts an additional 5 rounds beyond its normal duration.
Special: You can take this feat multiple times. Its effects stack.


EXTRA RAGE [GENERAL]
Prerequisites: Rage or frenzy ability.
Benefit: You rage or frenzy two more times per day than you otherwise could.
Special: You can take this feat multiple times. Its effects stack.


EXTRA SMITING [GENERAL]
Prerequisites: Smite ability, base attack bonus +4.
Benefit: When you take this feat, you gain two extra attempts to smite per day. 
Use whatever smite ability you have (the paladin’s smite evil ability or the hunter of the dead’s ability to smite undead, for example).
Special: You can take this feat multiple times. Its effects stack.


EXTRA STUNNING [GENERAL]
Prerequisites: Stunning Fist, base attack bonus +2.
Benefit: You gain the ability to make three extra stunningattacks per day.
Special: You can take this feat multiple times. Its effects stack.


FAVORED POWER ATTACK [GENERAL]
Prerequisites: Favored enemy ability, Power Attack, base attack bonus +4.
Benefit: When you use the Power Attack feat against a favored enemy, you may subtract a number from your melee
attack rolls and add twice that number to your melee damage rolls. If you attack with a weapon in two hands, add three
times the number. The normal restrictions of the Power Attack feat apply.


FLYING KICK [GENERAL]
Prerequisites: Str 13, Jump 4 ranks, Improved Unarmed Strike, Power Attack.
Benefit: When fighting unarmed and using the charge action, you deal an extra 1d12 points of damage with your unarmed attack.


FREEZING THE LIFEBLOOD [GENERAL]
Prerequisites: Wis 17, Improved Unarmed Strike, Stunning Fist, base attack bonus +10.
Benefit: Declare that you are using this feat before you make your attack roll (thus, a missed attack roll ruins the
attempt). Against a humanoid opponent, you can make an unarmed attack that deals no damage but has a chance of
paralyzing your target. If your attack is successful, your target must attempt a Fortitude saving throw (DC 10 + 1/2
your character level + your Wis modifi er). If the target fails this saving throw, it is paralyzed for 1d4+1 rounds. Each
attempt to paralyze an opponent counts as one of your uses of the Stunning Fist feat for the day. Creatures immune to
stunning cannot be paralyzed in this manner.
Special: A fighter may select Freezing the Lifeblood as one of his fighter bonus feats.


GREATER KIAI SHOUT [GENERAL]
Prerequisites: Cha 13, Kiai Shout, base attack bonus +9.
Benefit: When you make a kiai shout, your opponents are panicked for 2d6 rounds unless they succeed on Will saves
(DC 10 + 1/2 your character level + your Cha modifi er). The kai shout affects only opponents with fewer Hit Dice or
levels than you have.


GREATER TWO-WEAPON DEFENSE[GENERAL]
Prerequisites: Dex 19, Improved Two-Weapon Defense, Two-Weapon Defense, Two-Weapon Fighting, base attack bonus +11.
Benefit: When wielding two weapons (not including natural weapons or unarmed strikes), you gain a +3 shield bonus
to your AC. When you are fighting defensively or using the total defense action, this shield bonus increases to +6.
Special: A fi ghter may select Greater Two-Weapon Defense as one of his fi ghter bonus feats.


IMPROVED FAVORED ENEMY[GENERAL]
Prerequisites: Favored enemy ability, base attack bonus +5.
Benefit: You deal an extra 3points of damage to your favored enemies. This benefit stacks with any existing favored
enemy bonus gained from another class.


IMPROVED MOUNTED ARCHERY [GENERAL]
Prerequisites: Ride 1 rank, Mounted Archery, Mounted Combat.
Benefit: The penalty you take when using a ranged weapon if your mount is taking a double move is eliminated, and
the penalty for using a ranged weapon when your mount is running is lessened from –4 to –2. You can attack at any
time during your mount’s move.
Special: A fighter may select Improved Mounted Archery as one of his fighter bonus feats.


IMPROVED RAPID SHOT [GENERAL]
Prerequisites: Manyshot, Point Blank Shot, Rapid Shot.
Benefit: When using the Rapid Shot feat, you may ignore the –2 penalty on all your ranged attack rolls.
Special: A fighter may select Improved Rapid Shot as one of his fi ghter bonus feats.


PAIN TOUCH [GENERAL]
Prerequisites: Wis 15, Stunning Fist, base attack bonus +2.
Benefit: Victims of a successful stunning attack are subject to such debilitating pain that they are nauseated for 1
round following the round they are stunned. Creatures that are immune to stunning attacks are also immune to the effect
of this feat, as are any creatures that are more than one size category larger than the feat user.

RANGED DISARM [GENERAL]
Prerequisites: Dex 15, Point Blank Shot, Precise Shot, base attack bonus +5.
Benefit: Choose one type of ranged weapon with which you are profi cient. You can make a disarm attempt with this
weapon as long as your target is within 30 feet.
Special: A fighter may select Ranged Disarm as one of his fighter bonus feats.


RANGED PIN [GENERAL]
Prerequisites: Dex 15, Point Blank Shot, Precise Shot,base attack bonus +5.
Benefit: You can perform a ranged grapple attempt against an opponent by pinning a bit of its clothing to a
nearby surface. The target must be within 5 feet of a wall, tree, or other surface in which a thrown weapon or projectile can
be stuck and must be wearing some sort of clothing, armor, or other accoutrement. You must succeed on a ranged attack
(not a ranged touch attack) and then win an opposed grapple check (your size modifier and the target’s size modifiers still
apply). To break free, the victim must make a DC 15 Strength check or a DC 15 Escape Artist check as a standard action.
Special: A fighter may select Ranged Pin as one of his fighter bonus feats. When using this feat, a character gains
no benefit from the Improved Grapple feat.

WEAKENING TOUCH [GENERAL] Prerequisites: Wis 17, Improved Unarmed Strike, Stunning Fist, base attack bonus +2.
Benefit: Declare that you are using this feat before you make your attack roll (thus, a missed attack roll ruins the
attempt). You can make an unarmed attack that deals no damage, but instead applies a –6 penalty to the target’s
Strength score for 1 minute. Multiple weakening touches delivered on the same target are not cumulative. Each
attempt to deliver a weakening touch counts as one of your Stunning Fist attacks for the day. Creatures with immunity
to stun effects cannot be affected by this feat. 
Special: A fighter may select Weakening Touch as one of his fighter bonus feats.


DIVINE CLEANSING [DIVINE]
Prerequisites: Turn or rebuke undead ability.
Benefi t: As a standard action, you can spend one of your turn or rebuke undead attempts to grant all allies (including
yourself) within a 60-foot burst a +2 sacred bonus on Fortitude saving throws for a number of rounds equal to your
Charisma modifier.


DIVINE RESISTANCE [DIVINE]
Prerequisites: Turn or rebuke undead ability, Divine Cleansing.
Benefit: As a standard action, spend one of your turn or rebuke undead attempts to imbue all allies within a 60-foot
burst (including yourself) with resistance to cold 5, electricity 5, and fi re 5. This resistance does not stack with similar
resistances, such as those granted by spells or special abilities. The protection lasts for a number of rounds equal to your
Charisma modifier.


DIVINE VIGOR [DIVINE]
Prerequisites: Turn or rebuke undead ability.
Benefit: As a standard action, spend one of your turn or rebuke undead attempts to increase your base speed by 10 feet
and gain +2 temporary hit points per character level. These effects last a number of minutes equal to your Charisma
modifier.



