Fixed issues:

Knight of the Chalice: All spells 1st - 4th appear as Alertness.

Blackguard Spellbook: I tested the Spell level III again and it seems the spells are not linked as they should be: If you chose Summon Creature II, you become Contagion insteand. If you chose Protection from Elements, you become Summon Creature III. If you chose Contagion, you become Cure Serious Wounds. If you chose Inflict Serious Wounds, then you become Protection from Elements.

Soldier of Light: Vassal Of Bahamut Holy Sword was listed as a choice as a 1st level spell for my soldier of light. (other problems possible?)

Knight of the middle Circle: Spellbook: Greater Magic Weapon: Unlike the regular spell of the same name, you cannot target yourself or others. You can target your weapon if you open your inventory, but casting it in such fashion has no effect. The spell icon is not removed from the quickslot.

Knight of the middle Circle: Spellbook: Bless Weapon: Unlike the regular spell of the same name, you cannot target yourself to cast, you must open inventory and directly target your weapon. It will work, then. As a side note, it adds divine damage. Shouldn't it be positive? I could be mistaken on that.

Knight of the middle Circle: Spellbook: Divine Favor: Minor bug, unlike the regular spell of the same name, it doesn't auto-cast on yourself, you must target yourself with it. You can target other creatures as well, but the effect will still apply to you (which is good, but the extra click isn't).

Knight of the middle Circle: Spellbook: Magic Weapon: Unlike the regular spell of the same name, you cannot target yourself or others. You can target your weapon if you open your inventory, then it will work.

Knight of the middle Circle: Spellbook: Aid: Casting this spell has no effect, nothing happens and the spell icon is not removed from the quickslot.

Knight of the middle Circle: Spellbook: Divine Protection: Casting this spell has no effect, nothing happens and the spell icon is not removed from the quickslot.

Soulknife: Psychic Strike works on atleast one thing it shouldn't: Web barriers.

Soulknife: Feats: Devastating Critical Mindblade: Minor bug, appears to be a typo in this feat's name. It currently reads, "Devastating Critical: midblade"

Soulknife: Mindblade Enhancement: Not really a bug... If you have both Psychokenetic and Psychokinetic Burst mindblade enhancements, the total magical damage added is 1d8 rather than (1d4 + 1d4) 2d4. Very minor point, dunno if this is because that's what source material specifies, or just "because".

Psionic Feat: the feat was called Speed of Thought? The one that grants 25pct movement speed increase while not in heavy armor and in psionic focus. Anyway, the bug is that you retain the movement speed increase in heavy armor, IF you go into focus without it. And it stays even if you use the ability to end psionic-focus-using abilities. Not sure if that part's intended or not.

Power Attack: 3)dosnt give the negative ab to bonus attacks (ie the one from haste) but does give them the extra damage. *Ornedan: BioBug.

Complete Warrior Samurai: Missing Heavy Armor Pro

Vassal of Bahamut: Can select the spellbook, can select the spell levels, and also can select the spell slots. But the Vassal of Bahamut cannot cast, nor use its spells.

Wilder: prc_power_const has the constants for psionic mind blank and true metabolism interchanged (according to spell.2da), causing the wrong script to be called (and the wrong power to be manifested). This would likely affect the psion class as well.

____________________________________________

Alpha 2 Bug Reports:

Wilder: I don't know what causes this (memory issue?), but after excessive use of powers (maybe) this happens:
Script <power script name eg. psi_pow_enrayc>, OID ffffffff, Tag: , ERROR: TOO MANY INSTRUCTIONS

 Thrallherd: Script: Received this error in-game: [SEE ATTACHED IMAGE] This was within a few rounds after the two thrall clerics i had at the time died and i'd just used the teleporter back to the safe side of the module. Did not appear to have any obvious negative impact, i could still summon two more thralls.

Thrallherd: Feats: Thrallherd & Twofold Master: Many (most?) of the fighter, rogue, and cleric thralls appear to be encumbered by their own equipment.

Thrallherd: Pre-reqs: Was able to take levels in Thrallherd as a Keneticist Discipline psion who hadn't yet chosen any powers to manifest at all. I have a very tenuous (at best ) grasp on psionics atm, but it SEEMED like this violated the "Must be able to manifest a Telepath Discipline power" requirement. I could be wrong though!

Soldier of Light: Spellbook: Shield of Faith: Typo. It says "Sheild" instead of "Shield" in the 'casting' and 'cast' messages, as well as in the spellbook itself.

Soldier of Light: Spellbook: Protection from Evil: Desription just says, "Why, thank you!"

Soldier of Light: Spellbook: Greater Magic Weapon: Description just says, "Now let's all look around us." You cannot target yourself or other creatures with this spell, instead you must open your inventory and cast directly at your weapon.

Soldier of Light: Spellbook: Magic Circle Against Evil: Description just says, "This is more then i can bear."

Soldier of Light: Spellbook: Holy Sword: Appears to have no effect for Soldier's of Light with no paladin levels.

Vassal of Bahamut: Spellbook: Protection from Evil: The description of this spell simply says, "Why, thank you!"

Vassal of Bahamut: Spellbook: Magic Circle Against Evil: The description of this spell simply says, "This is more then i can bear."

Vassal of Bahamut: Spellbook: Divine Power: This spell is targetable and castable on other creatures, instead of automatically being caster-only.

Vassal of Bahamut: Spellbook: Holy Sword: Adds an OnHit Unique Power Level 1, don't know what it does, not sure if this is intentional or not. This property does not fade when you rest, and seems to be added to any weapon you equip for the duration, but is not removed from previous weapons when you unequip them. This also applies to Holy Sword as cast by Paladin.

Vassal of Bahamut: Spellbook: Divine Favor: Targetable on others as well as yourself, but effects only effect the caster regardless of target (which is good, but the extra step isn't )

Vassal of Bahamut: Spellbook: all spells: There is a typo in the 'casting' and 'casts' message for all VoB spells, as well as the spellbook listings. It says "Bahmut" instead of "Bahamut".

Soulknife: +1 weapon at level 40, so the overall performance of my Soulknife was quite mediocre.

Soulknife: Mindblade Enhancement: Collision: Minor bug, appears to be a typo in this feature's description. It currently reads, "The mindblade deals increases it's mass at the end of each swing..."

Soulknife: Mindblade Enhancement: Psychokinetic Burst: Minor bug, appears to be a typo in this feature's description. It currently reads, "The mindblade glows from within lethal physic energy..."

Soulknife: Mindblade Enhancement: Suppression: Minor bug, appears to be a typo in this feature's description. It currently reads, "...they are subject to a targeted <UNRECOGNIZED TOKEN>dispel psionics<UNRECOGNIZED TOKEN> power..."

Soulknife: Mindblade Enhancement: Minor bug, "Lucky" and "Defending", while available to be added to the mindblade, was not listed on the description menu. Also, since it had no obvious effect on the mindblade after i added it, rested, and manifested a new mindblade, i have no idea what it does or if it's even working, since no description.

CW Samurai: kiai smite: says it adds charisma bonus too ab and damage for the next attack.... it's adding charisma bonus to damage and 2x charisma bonus to ab the ab is being added as a temp weapon prop so it wont stack with any weapon mods, http://forums.netgamers.co.uk/showpost.php?p=53929&postcount=13

CW Samurai: The frightful presence is a bit troublesome (from aser)

Thrall of Graz'zt: The Vrock and the Balor are properly feated/armed, but the other three summons all lack the required weapons they seem to have feats for.

Thrall of Graz'zt: Charm does nothing at all, like it's missing feat entry or something, cant even target it.

Thrall of Graz'zt: a) Flame Arrow does work with the spellstrike damage after all. I figured out why it seemed to be doing so much less than I expected - the number of arrows I was getting was way lower than it should be. As a level 39 caster, there should be 9 arrows on casting of the spell (1 for every 4 levels.) However, I was only getting 6 (and sometimes 5  ) which coincidentally would be right if it was only counting my ToG levels.

Thrall of Graz'zt: b) Delayed Blast Fireball and Ice Burst are definately not working with spellstrike, and I'm positive that they aren't coutning ToG levels for normal damage either. A level 39 wizard should do far more than 60-70 damage with an empowered delayed blast fireball on a failed save.

Thrall of Graz'zt: c) The behaviour with 'ray' type spells is kind of odd, as well. Chain Lightning, for example, does spellstrike damage on the first target, then normal damage to rest. Aganazzars or Forceblast, however, do spellstrike damage to all targets hit. Another example - The Acid Bolt version of Serpents Sigh does spellstrike damage to all targets; the electric bolt version does it only on the first. Now that I think about it, the ones that were doing the damage were all "instant" vfx, while chain lighting/electric bolt take a split second to hit secondaries - maybe they became non-flatfooted in that time.

Thrall of Graz'zt: Bug: The magical damage dealt in lvl 2 of said class (spell betrayal ability) reduces certain spells to 1 magical dmg. Details: When I created a 20 wizard/ 10 Thrall of Graz'zt(arcane) and used disintegrate(*1), the damage seems to wrap around to 1 Magical and do nothing else. Possibly, the spell disintegrate is bugged in the way it is implemented.

Knight of the Chalice: Knight of the Chalice Consecrated Aura says "Something Entered" when activated. Also, when used again (presumably to toggle it off) it stays on, says "Something Entered" again, and the visual effect stacks. Sometimes it says "Something Entered" twice. Keep using it and you'll have a VERY bright yellow aura  It never appears to turn off. Additionally, when cast it says, "casts Holy Aura (versus demons)". Knight of the Chalice SLA "Magic Circle Against Evil"'s discription simply reads: "This is more then i can bear." When using Knight of the Chalice SLA "Holy Aura (versus demons)" the cast text says: "using Elaborate Parry: Parry Bonus".

prc_gen_listener: Listener, appearing when it shouldn't.

Manual: Cross class skills are listed as class, and vice versa.

Talontar Blightlord: Black Glaive: Works (only with halberts), but loose its cold-effect by resting and unequip/equip of the halbert.

Talontar Blightlord: Corrupting Blows: Works (only with halberts), but loose its wounding-effect by resting and unequip/equip of the halbert.

Talontar Blightlord: Blightbringer Prestige Domain: Doesn't work at all. The spells don't appear in the cleric/druid spellbooks, nor anywhere else. No charisma modifier for using its special ability and it can't be used at all. You can also pick this prestige domain with any cleric=(prestige domains are not general domains, but class specific)! 

Talontar Blightlord: Requirements: I had access to the Talontar Blightlord while my character was a Barbarian/Wilder ! I also could take this PrC with a 1st level Druid (with Great Fortitude and Endurance as chosen feats). 

Talontar Blightlord: Blightspawn Companion: Unfinished

Domains: Unfinished, need lot of work.

Psionic Feats: Boost Construct, Mental Resistance, Wild/Hidden Talent, Epic Expanded Knowledge, Expanded Knowledge, incomplete.

Psionic Feats: Psionic Weapon, Greater Psionic Weapon and Deep impact use up psionic Focus but do nothing. Mental leap doesn't seem to work either, instead of jumping to the place you click, your character walks over. *Ornedan: Mental Leap fixed.

Psionic Feats: The feat problem I mentioned earlier (with 2 becoming 1) happens whenever you take 2 feats that have the same non-unique name, such as the one that gives you more power points (don't remember the name). Like I said, I don't know that it's fixable without making these feats into a bunch of feats with unique names (which would take a ton of space and be a pain) so it might just be something you want to warn people about.

Fist of Zuoken: The monk unarmed damage doesn't seem to stack

Mighty Contender of Kord: not a big bug just have to wait before taking this class but this class can be taken without meeting the requirement and doesnt give anything.

Psionic System: Report of repeated use of the same power causing lag (not being cached)

Corpse Crafter Feats: Not applied to bioware undead yet.